# NODE.JS

# An Introduction to Node.js

## What is node.js?
JavaScript runtime built on Chrome’s V8 JavaScript engine.
vent-based, non-blocking, asynchronous I/O runtime that uses Google’s V8 JavaScript engine and libuv library.
## In your own words, what is Chrome’s V8 JavaScript Engine?
It's the thing that takes our JavaScript and executes it while browsing with Chrome or opera but some browser having own JS engine.
## What does it mean that node is a JavaScript runtime?
achieves low latency and high throughput by taking a “non-blocking” approach to serving requests.
## What is npm?
world's largest Software Library
package manager that comes bundled with Node.
## What version of node are you running on your machine?
14.20.0
## What version of npm are you running on your machine?
6.14.17
## What command would you type to install a library/package called ‘jshint’?
npm install -g jshint
## What is node used for?
allows developers to write JavaScript code that runs directly in a computer process itself instead of in a browser.



# 6 Reasons for Pair Programming
## What are the 6 reasons for pair programming?
1- Greater efficiency
2- Engaged collaboration
3-  Learning from fellow students
4- Social skills
5- Job interview readiness
6- Work environment readiness
## In your experience, which of these reasons have you found most beneficial?
Greater efficiency
Come up with better ideas
## How does pair programming work?
pair programming commonly involves two roles: the Driver and the Navigator. The Driver is the programmer who is typing and the only
one whose hands are on the keyboard. Handling the “mechanics” of coding, the Driver manages the text editor, switching files, version control,
and—of course writing—code. The Navigator uses their words to guide the Driver but does not provide any direct input to the computer. The Navigator
thinks about the big picture, what comes next, how an algorithm might be converted in to code, while scanning for typos or bugs. The Navigator might
also utilize their computer as a second screen to look up solutions and documentation, but should not be writing any code.
