# CRUD


# In your own words, describe what each group of status code represents:

## 100’s = Informational codes used to relay information between client and server during a request.
## 200’s = success codes. These indicate that the request issued was successfully fulfilled.
## 300’s = redirect codes. These codes are used to tell the browser or server that some other action needs to take place to complete the previous request.
## 400’s = client errors. These indicates an error on the requesters behalf.
## 500’s = server errors. These indicates an error on the servers behalf.
## What is a status code 202?
this doesn’t mean the request was successfully processed only that it met all validation requirements at the time of sending.

## What is a status code 308?
This tells the client to use another URL to access the resource and not use the current URL anymore. It’s helpful when we have multiple endpoints for one resource,
but don’t want to implement reading from all of them.

## What code would you use if an update didn’t return data to a client?
404
## What code would you use if a resource used to exist but no longer does?
410 Gone
## What is the ‘Forbidden’ status code?
403 Forbidden - The client has authorized or doesn’t need to authorize itself, but still has no permissions to access the resource.

# Build A REST API With Node.js, Express, & MongoDB - Quick

## Why do we need to pull our MongoDB database string out of our server and put it into our .env?
because when we deploy our mongo we want to use not localhost 
## What is middleware?
code that run once server gets request before get passed her routes
## What does app.use(express.json()) do?
its essentially just left our server except our json as a body inside of a post element or get element.
## What does the /:id mean in a route?
this a parameter we can access this by typing req.params.id  it give us access by passing after first slash /
## What is the difference between PUT and PATCH?
PUT update all the information but we only need to update the information we pass it so we jsut use PATCH to update the only pass it information we need
## How do you make a default value in a schema?
like in video we add default : Date.now  if we dont add any date the default will be the date of now.
## What does a 500 error status code mean?
there is an error in your server mean actaully server or database have some kind of error which cause transaction not to work 
## What is the difference between a status 200 and a status 201?
201 : mean successfully created an object but if we don't send any status by default it sends 200 that mean everything is successful 
but 201: is more specific to say you created something .
