# Mongo and Mongoose




| SQL  | NoSQL |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| called as Relational Databases  | called as non-relational or distributed database  |
| table based databases  | document based  |
| have predefined schema  | have dynamic schema  |
| vertically scalable  | horizontally scalable  |
| scaled by increasing the horse-power of the hardware  |  scaled by increasing the databases servers in the pool of resources to reduce the load  |

## What kind of data is a good fit for an SQL database?
complex query intensive environment
## Give a real world example.
Bank database and its intelinked to various entities like address account types transaction table etc
telecom database
customer is link to address.. mobile .. location tables then call details record tables etc.
almost all real life systen are example of rdbms only.
## What kind of data is a good fit a NoSQL database?
hierarchical data storage
## Give a real world example.
 Social applications: usually a social application, can scale from a zero to millions of users in few weeks and to better manage this growth, 
 one needs a DB that can manage massive number of users and data, but also that can scale horizontally easily.
## Which type of database is best for hierarchical data storage?
NoSQL database
## Which type of database is best for scalability?
NoSQL database



# sql vs nosql

## What does SQL stand for?
Structured Query Language
## What is a relational database?
we have a database which work circle assumption or in a circle way
## What type of structure does a relational database work with?
a set of tables with columns and rows.
## What is a ‘schema’?
Data is stored as records in tables and each table has a clearly defined structure - a set of fields 
which defines which data may go into the table and which data may not.
## What is a NoSQL database?
it can store lots and lots of data in a very efficient way something sequel solution can struggle with
## How does it work?
We have databases in no equal like shop database and in database we don't have a table we have something like collection or table
essential inside a collection we have something called
documents they are basically the rows in my table but its look like json,and data dont have to use the same schema you can
of multiple document in one collection which have different field .
## What is inside of a Mongo database?
MongoDB stores data records as documents (specifically BSON documents) which are gathered together in collections.
A database stores one or more collections of documents.
## Which is more flexible - SQL or MongoDB? and why.
MongoDB because, 
you can adjust your stored data at any point and introduce new "fields"
Data is stored in the format your app needs it - this speeds up fetching the data
Vertical and horizontal scaling is possible, hence your database will be able to handle any amount of read/ write requests your app throws at it
## What is the disadvantage of a NoSQL database?
you have some duplicated data ,
Schema-less
No (or very few) Relations
Data is typically merged / newsted in a few collections
Both horizontal and vertical scalling is possible
Great performance for mass (simple) read and write requests
