#

## What does .map() return?
return object
## If I want to loop through an array and display each value in JSX, how do I do that in React?
we loop through the numbers array using the JavaScript map() function. We return a li element for each item.
Finally, we assign the resulting array of elements to listItems:
Then, we can include the entire listItems array inside a ul element
## Each list item needs a unique
Key
## What is the purpose of a key?
Keys help React identify which items have changed, are added, or are removed.

# The Spread Operator

## What is the spread operator?
   The spread operator is a useful and quick syntax for adding items to arrays, combining arrays or objects, and spreading an array out into a function’s arguments.
## List 4 things that the spread operator can do.
   Copying an array.
   Concatenating or combining arrays.
   Using Math functions.
   Using an array as arguments
## Give an example of using the spread operator to combine two arrays.
const arr1 = [1,2,3]
const arr2 = [4,5,6]
const arr3 = [...arr1, ...arr2]

## Give an example of using the spread operator to add a new item to an array.
var result = [{...newObj}, ...oldArray]

## Give an example of using the spread operator to combine two objects into one.
const person = {
    name: "John Doe",
    age: 24
}
const job = {
    title: "Full stack developer",
    location: "Remote"
}

const employee = {...person, ...job};

console.log(employee);
This results in:

{
    name: "John Doe", 
    age: 24, 
    title: "Full stack developer", 
    location: "Remote"
}


##  In the video, what is the first step that the developer does to pass functions between components?
create a action like in increment to pass data from parent component people to update in what name is passed in
## In your own words, what does the increment function do?
create a array to pass it in variable ppl then it update a count bassed on the name 
so we pass object this object is one of these parent object 
every time we looped through the one of object will pass to child and compire if the name is match to
the function increment the count that inside the object that it pass 
and all of the return go to the variable we declared ppl
## How can you pass a method from a parent component into a child component?
passed as a prop to a child component
like he did increment={this.increment}
this methos exist in component object 
## How does the child component invoke a method that was passed to it from a parent component?
using this.props.increment()  by call method so i can forward the ref to the Child
but we already passing the name in {this.props.name}

