# APIs

## What does REST stand for?

# REpresentational State Transfer
## REST APIs are designed around a ____.

# REST APIs are designed around resources
## What is an identifier of a resource? Give an example.

# URI that uniquely identifies that resource , For example, the URI for a particular customer order might be:https://adventure-works.com/orders/1

## What are the most common HTTP verbs?

# POST	GET	PUT	DELETE
## What should the URIs be based on?

# nouns (the resource) and not verbs (the operations on the resource).
## Give an example of a good URI.

# https://adventure-works.com/orders // Good
## What does it mean to have a ‘chatty’ web API? Is this a good or a bad thing?

# expose a large number of small resources. Such an API may require a client application to send multiple requests to find all of the data that it requires.
# bad,Instead, you might want to denormalize the data and combine related information into bigger resources that can be retrieved with a single request.
## What status code does a successful GET request return?

# A successful GET method typically returns HTTP status code 200 (OK).
## What status code does an unsuccessful GET request return?

# If the resource cannot be found, the method should return 404 (Not Found).
## What status code does a successful POST request return?

# it returns HTTP status code 201 (Created).
## What status code does a successful DELETE request return?

# the web server should respond with HTTP status code 204 (No Content), indicating that the process has been successfully handled.
