# In memory storage

# Understanding the JavaScript Call Stack

## What is a ‘call’?
mechanism for an interpreter (like the JavaScript interpreter in a web browser) to keep track of its place in a script that calls multiple
functions — what function is currently being run and what functions are called from within that function
## How many ‘calls’ can happen at once?
One practical implication of the call stack is that it makes JavaScript a single-threaded language. This means that only one code execution can happen at a time.
## What does LIFO mean?
the last function that gets pushed into the stack is the first to be pop out, when the function returns.
## Draw an example of a call stack and the functions that would need to be invoked to generate that call stack.
we will define a “product()” function which comprises two parameters “x” and “y”:
```
function product(x, y) {

(return x * y);

}

```
Next, we have added another function named “info()” which invokes the “product()” function as its return case:
```
function info(x, y) {

console.log("The product of given number is:");

return product(x, y);

}

```
Lastly, a variable is created which calls the “info()” while passing “3” and “6” as arguments and display the returned value in the console window:
```
let a = console.log(info(3, 6));
```
## What causes a Stack Overflow?
when the number of function calls added to the stack increases the stack's maximum limit
# JavaScript error messages

## What is a ‘reference error’?
when you try to use a variable that is not yet declared you get this type os errors.
```
console.log(foo) // Uncaught ReferenceError: foo is not defined
```
## What is a ‘syntax error’?
this occurs when you have something that cannot be parsed in terms of syntax, like when you try to parse an invalid object using JSON.parse.
```
JSON.parse( {'foo': 'bar'} ) // Uncaught SyntaxError: Unexpected token o in JSON at position 1
```
## What is a ‘range error’?
Try to manipulate an object with some kind of length and give it an invalid length and this kind of errors will show up.
```
var foo= []
foo.length = foo.length -1 // Uncaught RangeError: Invalid array length
```
## What is a ‘type error’?
when the types (number, string and so on) you are trying to use or access are incompatible, like accessing a property in an undefined type of variable.
```
var foo = {}
foo.bar // undefined
foo.bar.baz // Uncaught TypeError: Cannot read property 'baz' of undefined
```
## What is a breakpoint?
can also be achieved by putting a debugger statement in your code in the line you want to break.
You can also add conditional breakpoints by right-clicking a previous set breakpoint, which will make your program stop at that point only if a condition is met.
## What does the word ‘debugger’ do in your code?
identifying coding errors at various stages of the operating system or application development.
