# Functional Programming

## What is functional programming?
is a programming paradigm — a style of building the structure and elements of computer programs — that treats computation
as the evaluation of mathematical functions and avoids changing-state and mutable data
## What is a pure function and how do we know if something is a pure function?
 stable, consistent, and predictable. Given the same parameters, pure functions will always return the same result. We don’t need to think of
 situations when the same parameter has different results — because it will never happen.
 
 It returns the same result if given the same arguments 
 It does not cause any observable side effects
## What are the benefits of a pure function?
The code’s definitely easier to test. We don’t need to mock anything.
## What is immutability?
When data is immutable, its state cannot change after it’s created. If you want to change an immutable object, you can’t. Instead, you create a new object with the new value.
## What is Referential transparency?
Basically, if a function consistently yields the same result for the same input, it is referentially transparent.
pure functions + immutable data = referential transparency
# Node JS Tutorial for Beginners #6 - Modules and require()

## What is a module?
essential to another javascript file
## What does the word ‘require’ do?
load and cache JavaScript modules
## How do we bring another module into the file the we are working in?
we have to export the functions and import them in the file we want to call the functions.
## What do we have to do to make a module available?
module.exports = what i want to be available out side the module
