# Diversity & Inclusion in the Tech Industry

## What occurred during the same time as the beginning of the decline of women in computer science?

something changed. The percentage of women in computer science flattened, and then plunged, even as the 
share of women in other technical and professional fields kept rising.
The share of women in computer science started falling at roughly the same moment when personal computers
started showing up in U.S. homes in significant numbers.
## Why does it matter that males had been playing on computers growing up?

This was a big deal when those kids got to college. As personal computers became more common, computer science 
professors increasingly assumed that their students had grown up playing with computers at home.

# Employee breakdown of key technology companies

## When are diversity efforts most successful?

when they’re driven by a commitment from company leaders. And meaningful commitment requires leaders to understand why diversity matters.

## Why do diverse companies perform better?

Given that diverse teams are smarter and more creative than homogeneous ones, it is unsurprising that a wealth of research shows a strong correlation 
between diverse organizations and positive financial outcomes. In a 2011 study of diversity in the top firms in Standard & Poor's Composite 1500 list,
researchers found “female representation in top management leads to an increase of $42 million in firm value.”

## Give an example of how a diverse company can serve a diverse user base or vise-versa.

When YouTube’s almost entirely right-handed developer team built the iOS app without considering how left-handed people would use it, for example, 5% to 10% of videos were uploaded upside down as a result. 
This factor may be especially relevant for leaders of consumer tech companies.
