# State and Props

## Based off the diagram, what happens first, the ‘render’ or the ‘componentDidMount’?
render first
componentDidMount() is a hook that gets invoked right after a React component has been mounted aka after the first render() lifecycle.

## What is the very first thing to happen in the lifecycle of React?
constructor()
The constructor() is the very first method called as the component is “brought to life.”
The constructor method is called before the component is mounted to the DOM. In most cases, you would initialize state and bind event handlers methods within the constructor method.

## Put the following things in the order that they happen: componentDidMount, render, constructor, componentWillUnmount, React Updates

constructor, render, react updates, in the same level(componentDidMount,componentWillUnmount)

## What does componentDidMount do?

If you need to load anything using a network request or initialize the DOM, it should go here.

# React State Vs Props

## What types of things can you pass in the props?
Use props to pass data & event handlers down to your child components.

## What is the big difference between props and state?
State can be changed (Mutable)
Whereas Props can't (Immutable)

## When do we re-render our application?
state is internal and controlled by the component itself 
while props are external and controlled by whatever renders the component

## What are some examples of things that we could store in state?
Use state to store the data your current page needs in your controller-view.

