# React and Forms

# What is a ‘Controlled Component’?

takes its current value through props and notifies changes through callbacks like onChange. A parent component "controls" it by handling the callback and managing its 
own state and passing the new values as props to the controlled component. You could also call this a "dumb component".

ombine the two by making the React state be the “single source of truth”. Then the React component that renders a form also controls what happens in that form on subsequent user input.
An input form element whose value is controlled by React in this way is called a “controlled component”.


## Should we wait to store the users responses from the form into state when they submit the 
## form OR should we update the state with their responses as soon as they enter them? Why.
State is a JavaScript object that stores a component’s dynamic data and determines the component’s behaviour. Because state is dynamic,
it enables a component to keep track of changing information in between renders and for it to be dynamic and interactive.

component’s mutable data is stored in its state property. It makes sense then, to combine the HTML forms’ “natural” abilities with React’s 
state to make React’s state the singular data source.


## How do we target what the user is entering if we have an event handler on an input field?

add a name attribute to each element and let the handler function choose what to do based on the value of event.target.name.

# The Conditional (Ternary) Operator Explained


## Why would we use a ternary operator?
A ternary operator makes the assignment of a value to a variable easier to see, because it's contained on a single line instead of an if else block.
## Rewrite the following statement using a ternary statement:
```
if(x===y){
  console.log(true);
} else {
  console.log(false);
}
```
if x===y ? console.log(true) : console.log(false)
